readme.md, before:

# Eatup: Revolutionizing the Ordering Experience 🎉📱

Eatup is an innovative digital solution that's set to revolutionize the restaurant ordering experience. This technological development caters to restaurants seeking to streamline their operations, cut costs, and enhance customer interaction through a fluid, personalized, and efficient ordering process. Leveraging state-of-the-art technology and an intuitive, user-friendly interface, Eatup strives to redefine restaurant dining in the digital age.

## Technologies 💻🛠️

Eatup harnesses several cutting-edge technologies to deliver a robust and efficient service:

1. **Rust (Rocket):** 🚀 Our backend services are powered by Rust, a high-performance programming language ensuring memory safety. Rocket, a web framework for Rust, enables our server responses, providing fast and reliable performance.

2. **Android (Java):** 📱 Our customer-facing mobile application is designed in Java for the Android platform. It provides an intuitive interface that makes the dining experience seamless, enabling users to easily browse menus, place orders, and manage their dining experience.

3. **React:** ⚛️ The restaurant staff dashboard is built with React, a dynamic JavaScript library known for its efficiency and flexibility. The dashboard offers comprehensive management tools to handle orders, manage menu items, and track key performance metrics.

4. **PostgreSQL:** 🐘 All Eatup data is managed using PostgreSQL, a powerful, open-source object-relational database system with an architecture renowned for reliability, data integrity, and correctness.

5. **Docker:** 🐳 Docker helps to containerize our backend services, ensuring consistent operation across various environments and facilitating straightforward deployment.

6. **Git/GitHub:** 👨‍💻📚 We use Git for version control in conjunction with GitHub, fostering collaborative development and enabling an efficient workflow.

7. **Hetzner Cloud Hosting:** ☁️ Hetzner's robust and reliable cloud infrastructure hosts Eatup's backend services, ensuring optimal uptime and performance.

8. **Cloudflare:** 🛡️ Cloudflare provides a layer of protection to our server, guarding against malicious threats and enhancing Eatup service response times through caching.

## Setup 🚀

To get started with Eatup, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local system.
2. Ensure you've met the system requirements as outlined in the [User Manual]((https://github.com/jkutkutOrg/EatUp/wiki/use_manual)).

## Usage 💡

For a detailed guide on how to use Eatup and its range of features, check out our [User Manual]((https://github.com/jkutkutOrg/EatUp/wiki/use_manual)).

## Contributions 🤝

We welcome contributions to the Eatup project. If you'd like to contribute, please fork the repository, create a new branch, and submit your changes via a Pull Request (PR). Make sure your code adheres to the existing style for consistency.

## License 📄

Eatup is licensed under the [GNU LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Contact 📧

If you encounter any issues, have questions, or need further assistance, please don't hesitate to reach out.

## Acknowledgements 🙏

A huge thank you to all contributors to the Eatup project. Your dedication and hard work have been instrumental in bringing Eatup to life.

Experience restaurant dining like never before with Eatup. Embark on a seamless, efficient, and personalized culinary journey. 🎉

Commit message:

docs(readme.md): update setup instructions and add prerequisites and installation sections

readme.md, after:

# Eatup: Revolutionizing the Ordering Experience 🎉📱

Eatup is an innovative digital solution that's set to revolutionize the restaurant ordering experience. This technological development caters to restaurants seeking to streamline their operations, cut costs, and enhance customer interaction through a fluid, personalized, and efficient ordering process. Leveraging state-of-the-art technology and an intuitive, user-friendly interface, Eatup strives to redefine restaurant dining in the digital age.

## Technologies 💻🛠️

Eatup harnesses several cutting-edge technologies to deliver a robust and efficient service:

1. **Rust (Rocket):** 🚀 Our backend services are powered by Rust, a high-performance programming language ensuring memory safety. Rocket, a web framework for Rust, enables our server responses, providing fast and reliable performance.

2. **Android (Java):** 📱 Our customer-facing mobile application is designed in Java for the Android platform. It provides an intuitive interface that makes the dining experience seamless, enabling users to easily browse menus, place orders, and manage their dining experience.

3. **React:** ⚛️ The restaurant staff dashboard is built with React, a dynamic JavaScript library known for its efficiency and flexibility. The dashboard offers comprehensive management tools to handle orders, manage menu items, and track key performance metrics.

4. **PostgreSQL:** 🐘 All Eatup data is managed using PostgreSQL, a powerful, open-source object-relational database system with an architecture renowned for reliability, data integrity, and correctness.

5. **Docker:** 🐳 Docker helps to containerize our backend services, ensuring consistent operation across various environments and facilitating straightforward deployment.

6. **Git/GitHub:** 👨‍💻📚 We use Git for version control in conjunction with GitHub, fostering collaborative development and enabling an efficient workflow.

7. **Hetzner Cloud Hosting:** ☁️ Hetzner's robust and reliable cloud infrastructure hosts Eatup's backend services, ensuring optimal uptime and performance.

8. **Cloudflare:** 🛡️ Cloudflare provides a layer of protection to our server, guarding against malicious threats and enhancing Eatup service response times through caching.

## Setup 🚀

Getting started with Eatup is a straightforward process with a minimal set of prerequisites. Follow the steps outlined below to get up and running:

### Prerequisites

Before starting the setup process, ensure that your system meets the following requirements:

- **Docker:** Make sure you have the latest version of Docker installed to handle the containerization of our services.
- **Bash:** Bash is necessary to execute shell scripts.
- **Curl:** This tool will allow you to fetch the setup scripts.
- **Internet connection:** Ensure you have a stable internet connection to fetch necessary data and scripts.

### Installation

Once you have all the prerequisites in place, you can start setting up Eatup with a single command:

```bash
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jkutkutorg/EatUp/main/setup/start.sh | bash
```

This command pulls the setup script from the repository and pipes it to Bash, which then executes the script. The script starts the Dockers containers for the necessary Eatup services.

Upon successful execution, the terminal will output a URL. You can use this URL to access the setup service. Your Eatup system is now up and running, ready for you to revolutionize your dining experience.

Please refer to our [User Manual](https://github.com/jkutkutOrg/EatUp/wiki/use_manual) for more detailed information on how to use the Eatup application and service.

## Usage 💡

For a detailed guide on how to use Eatup and its range of features, check out our [User Manual]((https://github.com/jkutkutOrg/EatUp/wiki/use_manual)).

## Contributions 🤝

We welcome contributions to the Eatup project. If you'd like to contribute, please fork the repository, create a new branch, and submit your changes via a Pull Request (PR). Make sure your code adheres to the existing style for consistency.

## License 📄

Eatup is licensed under the [GNU LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Contact 📧

If you encounter any issues, have questions, or need further assistance, please don't hesitate to reach out.

## Acknowledgements 🙏

A huge thank you to all contributors to the Eatup project. Your dedication and hard work have been instrumental in bringing Eatup to life.

Experience restaurant dining like never before with Eatup. Embark on a seamless, efficient, and personalized culinary journey. 🎉
